docs: clarify application containers and especially NcGuestContent (#7160)
nextcloud-libraries/nextcloud-vue: docs/app-containers.md

<!--
 - SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Nextcloud GmbH and Nextcloud contributors
 - SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later
-->

All applications must to be wrapped in one of the provided app containers.
Those containers provide base styling and context for all components.

### Available containers
#### `NcContent`

> This is the main container useable for all apps that provide app content.

Reviewer: Maybe something more easy-readable like

```suggestion
This is the main container for all apps that provide full web-page interface.
```

> Often you would use then `NcAppContent` and maybe `NcAppNavigation` within it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often you would use then `NcAppContent` and maybe `NcAppNavigation` + `NcContent` within it.
```
